
By continuing to use and navigate this website, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.
 
Press Tab to Move to Skip to Content Link

Our Business 
About Us 
Working for Codan 
Join Us
All Jobs
Employee Login
Search by Keyword 
Search by Location 
Show More Options
 
Clear
Select how often (in days) to receive an alert: 
7
 
Associate Software Engineer
Date: Jun 11, 2025

Location: Canada, Victoria BC, CA

Company: Codan Limited


Zetron Canada Office (Victoria, BC)


Full-time / M-F / 40hrs per week
Hybrid with the expectation to be onsite 3+ days per week for team collaboration
This position has been evaluated with an annual base salary range of $76,000-78,000 CAD
 


Join our Mission:


At Zetron, we build solutions to help save lives! We are an established global leader in connecting communication centers with field operations, personnel, and constituents. With offices in the US, UK, AU and CA, Zetron currently has a network of established partners, value-added resellers, and clients in more than 100 countries. Our Victoria, British Columbia office has been a center of engineering and manufacturing excellence since its founding in 1938. For over 80 years, we have been a trusted provider of LMR communication products and solutions that help our customers protect, inform, and save lives. Now we are applying those standards of excellence to build and deliver interoperable end-to-end command and control systems across multiple industries and international markets. Always ready, always on!

 


Role:

 

As part of the Software Engineering Team at Zetron, this position will assist with supporting the design and development of software and firmware in both Land Mobile Radio (LMR) and Command and Control (C&C) products.


 

Core responsibilities:


Software and UI design, development, and automated testing within a limited scope
Participate in requirements analysis and systems architecture with other members of the Software Engineering Team
Provide accurate planning information at all stages of the software development life cycle to result in delivery of software systems on time, on budget and according to specifications
Document activities as required
Provide maintenance and support for completed products
Continuously learn and apply technical knowledge
 


Become part of our Team:

 

You have a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Previous software engineering experience would be an asset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively on challenging tasks while managing priorities to meet project deadlines
Good verbal and written communication skills with the ability to convey information clearly and accurately
Adept at problem solving and lateral thinking
Knowledge of:
Core programming languages: C/C++, C#, Java
Scripting languages: Python, JavaScript, Bash
Embedded Systems: GNU/Linux, RTOS, bare-metal, kernel, device drivers
Web development: JavaScript, CSS, HTML5
Version control (GIT)
Networking and communications principles: TCP/IP networking, serial communication protocols, USB, radio communication and public standards (TIA, RTP, CAI/P25)
Understanding of concurrent and real-time programming techniques
Object Oriented design
Basic understanding of build tools and CI/CD pipelines
 

 

Benefits & Culture:

 

Our culture is supportive and collaborative within a multidisciplinary team where we share our ideas and innovation is strongly encouraged. We are looking for a new team member with genuine passion and can-do attitude for what they do. We are located near beautiful downtown Victoria in the newly restored Press Building with modern office space built for collaboration!

 

As a member of the Zetron Team, you will have access to:

Competitive benefits package
Healthcare & Wellness spending account
Company matched retirement savings program
Incentive plan
Paid time off
 

Plus, you can take advantage of flexible working hours within an easy-going environment. We celebrate our successes with company sponsored events and have regular catch-ups with drinks and ice cream!

 

Interested in a career with us?

Simply click on APPLY and we’ll be in contact shortly.


 

#IND2


Find similar jobs:

